What do you mean?
Are you looking down on my old Tang?
This president's secretary is capable
Hey, good drink
She's beautiful. Come on
Since Xiao Su drank so much today
Let's mess around
I'd like to see what tricks you can play
Okay, Secretary Su is really massive, haha.
Why do you get dizzy without a few sips?
Why did my body become so bad?
Hey, Secretary Su
It's my turn to respect you
My teacher hasn't come up yet.
Oh, Secretary Su, don't drink his
Drink mine first
Drink mine first, hehe, come to Xiao Su
Good things come in pairs
Let's do it again.
And so on.
Su Mi Book
Have a drink with me first
My old Xu has been waiting for a long time
It is better to be happy alone than to be happy with others
None of us can come less
Come come come come
Drink, drink, come on